Update create-external-table-as-select-transact-sql.md (#9026)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/t-sql/statements/create-external-table-as-select-transact-sql.md

1. Access problems (invalid credential, expired credential or credential with insufficient permissions). Alternate possibility is an invalid path, where the SQL managed instance received an Error 404 from storage.

>    Solution: Verify credential validity and permissions. Alternatively, validate the path is valid and storage exists. For ADLS URL use format adls://container@mystorageaccount.blob.core.windows.net/mybaseoutputfolderpath

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Solution: Verify credential validity and permissions. Alternatively, validate the path is valid and storage exists. Use the URL path `adls://<container>@<storage_account>.blob.core.windows.net/<path>/`.
```

Conforming to the ADLS example used earlier in this doc.
